Add GASETH-FEB21 and GASETH-MAR21 as price identifiers (#90)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: UMIPs/umip-25.md

# Headers
| UMIP-25     |                                                                                                                                          |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | UMIP Title | Add GASETH-FEB21 and GASETH-MAR21 as a supported DVM price identifier                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UMIP Title | Add GASETH-FEB21 and GASETH-MAR21 as supported DVM price identifiers                                                                                             |
```
